Feature: Add delegated token voting (#208)
aragon/sdk: modules/client/CHANGELOG.md

-->
## [UPCOMING]
### Added
- Add `delegateTokens` function in `TokenVotingClient`
- Add `undelegateTokens` function in `TokenVotingClient`
- Add `getDelegatee` function in `TokenVotingClient`
### Changed

> - Breaking: `getMembers` function in `TokenVotingClient` no loger returns an `string[]`. Now it returns `TokenVotingMember[]` which includes the delegation status of each member

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Breaking: `getMembers` function in `TokenVotingClient` no loger returns a `string[]`. Now it returns `TokenVotingMember[]` which includes the delegation status of each member
```

### Added
- Add `getPlugins` function
- Add `getPlugin` function

> - Add `delegate` function in `TokenVotingClient`

Reviewer: no undelegate? no getDelegation()?

### Changed

> - `getMembers` function in `TokenVotingClient` no loger returns an `string[]`, not it returns `TokenVotingMember[]` which includes the delegation status of each member

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Breaking: `getMembers` function in `TokenVotingClient` no loger returns an `string[]`. Now it returns `TokenVotingMember[]` which includes the delegation status of each member
```
